📄 Add GRPO batch size note in docs (#2672)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/grpo_trainer.md

></iframe>

Below is the script to train the model.

> Note that the actual train batch size is `num_generations * per_device_train_batch_size * gradient_accumulation_steps`. Additionally, the input tensor for the forward pass has a size of `num_generations * per_device_train_batch_size`. Since GRPO generates `num_generations` completions for each batch prompt, adjusting these values appropriately can help prevent OOM errors.

Reviewer: Can use another term than "actual batch size"? I feel like this is misleading

> Note that the actual train batch size is `num_generations * per_device_train_batch_size * gradient_accumulation_steps`. Additionally, the input tensor for the forward pass has a size of `num_generations * per_device_train_batch_size`. Since GRPO generates `num_generations` completions for each batch prompt, adjusting these values appropriately can help prevent OOM errors.

Reviewer 2: this is standard terminology i think:
```suggestion
Note that the effective train batch size is `num_generations * per_device_train_batch_size * gradient_accumulation_steps`. Additionally, the input tensor for the forward pass has a size of `num_generations * per_device_train_batch_size`. Since GRPO generates `num_generations` completions for each batch prompt, adjusting these values appropriately can help prevent OOM errors.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the input tensor for the forward pass has a size of `num_generations * per_device_train_batch_size` because GRPO generates `num_generations` completions for each prompt in the batch. Adjusting these values appropriately can help prevent OOM errors.
Consequently, the effective train batch size is `num_generations * per_device_train_batch_size * gradient_accumulation_steps`.
```

></iframe>

Below is the script to train the model. We use PEFT to reduce the memory requirements.

> Note that the actual train batch size is `num_generations * per_device_train_batch_size`; adjusting these values can help prevent OOM errors, as GRPO generates `num_generations` completions for each batch prompt.

Reviewer: Another option : 
I am wondering if making default batch size to 1 and grad accum to 8 makes sense here

Reviewer: Yes agree

Reviewer: But can you reformulate here? The actual batch size usually denotes something different (grad accum * per device batch size * num device).
Maybe you can write that "the input tensor for the forward pass has a size of num generation * per device batch size in the batch dim"

def reward_len(completions, **kwargs):
    return [abs(20 - len(completion)) for completion in completions]

training_args = GRPOConfig(
    output_dir="Qwen2-0.5B-GRPO",
    logging_steps=10,
    gradient_accumulation_steps=16,
    num_generations=8,
    per_device_train_batch_size=8,

> )

Reviewer: let's keep the default values here (I'm aiming for the most simple example possible)

Also, per_device_train_batch_size has a new default to avoid OOM

> training_args = GRPOConfig(
>     output_dir="Qwen2-0.5B-GRPO",
>     logging_steps=10,
>     gradient_accumulation_steps=16,
>     num_generations=8,
>     per_device_train_batch_size=8,
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
training_args = GRPOConfig(output_dir="Qwen2-0.5B-GRPO", logging_steps=10)
```
